Chore/1.0.0 beta.91 (#609)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/changelog.md

# OpenAPI CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta-91 (2022-03-25)

### Fixes

> - Fixed bundle issue when handling files with multiple dots in their name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolved an issue with the `bundle` command when handling files with multiple dots in the file name.
```

# OpenAPI CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta-91 (2022-03-25)

### Features

> - Added the `--separator` option to the `split` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `--separator` option to the `split` command. Use it to change the separator character that's used instead of whitespace in file names. The default is `_ `, which means that after splitting, path file names look like this: "user_login.yaml", "user_logout", etc.
```
